kubectl get daemonsets -A -o json | jq -r '.items[] | "\(.metadata.namespace) \(.metadata.name) \(.spec.template.spec.containers[]?.resources.requests.cpu // "none")"' | column -t



[alabimu@10-74-129-4 ~]$ kubectl get daemonsets -A -o json | jq -r '.items[] | "\(.metadata.namespace) \(.metadata.name) \(.spec.template.spec.containers[]?.resources.requests.cpu // "none")"' | column -t
gke-managed-system  dcgm-exporter                           100m
gmp-system          collector                               4m
gmp-system          collector                               1m
kube-system         anetd                                   200m
kube-system         anetd                                   5m
kube-system         anetd-l                                 200m
kube-system         anetd-l                                 5m
kube-system         anetd-m                                 200m
kube-system         anetd-m                                 5m
kube-system         anetd-s                                 200m
kube-system         anetd-s                                 5m
kube-system         anetd-win                               2m
kube-system         anetd-xl                                200m
kube-system         anetd-xl                                5m
kube-system         anetd-xs                                200m
kube-system         anetd-xs                                5m
kube-system         container-watcher                       25m
kube-system         filestore-node                          5m
kube-system         filestore-node                          5m
kube-system         filestore-node                          10m
kube-system         filestore-node                          5m
kube-system         fluentbit-gke                           50m
kube-system         fluentbit-gke                           50m
kube-system         fluentbit-gke                           5m
kube-system         fluentbit-gke-256pd                     650m
kube-system         fluentbit-gke-256pd                     200m
kube-system         fluentbit-gke-256pd                     5m
kube-system         fluentbit-gke-max                       1
kube-system         fluentbit-gke-max                       1
kube-system         fluentbit-gke-max                       5m
kube-system         gke-metadata-server                     100m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent                       6m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent                       3m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent                       10m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-10            6m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-10            3m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-10            10m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-100           6m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-100           3m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-100           10m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-20            6m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-20            3m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-20            10m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-200           6m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-200           3m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-200           10m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-50            6m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-50            3m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-50            10m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-500           6m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-500           3m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-scaling-500           10m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-windows               5m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-windows               5m
kube-system         gke-metrics-agent-windows               20m
kube-system         ip-masq-agent                           10m
kube-system         istio-cni-node                          100m
kube-system         kube-proxy                              100m
kube-system         maintenance-handler                     none
kube-system         metadata-proxy-v0.1                     30m
kube-system         metadata-proxy-v0.1                     2m
kube-system         nccl-fastsocket-installer               none
kube-system         netd                                    1m
kube-system         netd                                    2m
kube-system         netd                                    5m
kube-system         network-metering-agent                  none
kube-system         nvidia-driver-installer                 150m
kube-system         nvidia-gpu-device-plugin-large-cos      50m
kube-system         nvidia-gpu-device-plugin-large-cos      5m
kube-system         nvidia-gpu-device-plugin-large-ubuntu   50m
kube-system         nvidia-gpu-device-plugin-large-ubuntu   5m
kube-system         nvidia-gpu-device-plugin-medium-cos     50m
kube-system         nvidia-gpu-device-plugin-medium-cos     5m
kube-system         nvidia-gpu-device-plugin-medium-ubuntu  50m
kube-system         nvidia-gpu-device-plugin-medium-ubuntu  5m
kube-system         nvidia-gpu-device-plugin-small-cos      50m
kube-system         nvidia-gpu-device-plugin-small-cos      5m
kube-system         nvidia-gpu-device-plugin-small-ubuntu   50m
kube-system         nvidia-gpu-device-plugin-small-ubuntu   5m
kube-system         pdcsi-node                              5m
kube-system         pdcsi-node                              5m
kube-system         pdcsi-node-windows                      5m
kube-system         pdcsi-node-windows                      5m
kube-system         runsc-metric-server                     3m
kube-system         sysdig-agent                            250m
kube-system         tpu-device-plugin                       80m
kube-system         tpu-device-plugin                       20m
kube-system         tpu-device-plugin                       10m